Fixed #36000 -- Deprecated HTTP as the default protocol in urlize and urlizetrunc. (#19240)
django/django: docs/releases/6.0.txt

Security
~~~~~~~~

* The :func:`~django.utils.html.urlize` template filter now supports using
  ``https://`` as the default protocol via the new :setting:`URLIZE_ASSUME_HTTPS`

>   setting, improving security by ensuring URLs are accessed over HTTPS by default.

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need this

Miscellaneous
-------------

* The default protocol in :tfilter:`urlize` will change from
  ``http://`` to ``https://`` in Django 7.0. Set ``URLIZE_ASSUME_HTTPS``
  transitional setting to ``True`` to opt into assuming ``https://`` during the

>   Django 6.x release cycle.

Reviewer: :point_up:

Miscellaneous
-------------

> * Using ``http://`` as default protocol in :func:`~django.utils.html.urlize` is
>   deprecated in favor of ``https://``. Set ``URLIZE_ASSUME_HTTPS`` to ``True`` to
>   opt in to the new behavior, which will become the default in Django 6.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default protocol in :func:`~django.utils.html.urlize` will change from
  ``http://`` to ``https://`` in Django 7.0. Set ``URLIZE_ASSUME_HTTPS``
  transitional setting to ``True`` to opt into assuming ``https://`` during the
  Django 6.x release cycle.

* ``URLIZE_ASSUME_HTTPS`` transitional setting is deprecated.
```
